Update Managing RH Subscriptions with content from KCS article (#3623)
theforeman/foreman-documentation: guides/common/modules/con_managing-red-hat-subscriptions.adoc

You can use future-dated subscriptions in a subscription manifest.
When you add future-dated subscriptions to your manifest before the expiry date of the existing subscriptions, you can have uninterrupted access to repositories.

> .Benefits of the subscriptions service

Reviewer: This title doesn't make it clear at all that we're now talking about the Subscriptions service of console.redhat.com, rather than subscriptions that you add to your manifest. I'm a bit confused why this section is being added here.

Author: I'm renaming it to _Subscriptions service capabilities_.

> * Tracks selected Red Hat product usage and capacity at the fleet or account level in a unified inventory and provides a daily snapshot of that data in a digestible, filterable dashboard at cloud.redhat.com.

Reviewer 2: I think you might want to rewrite some of this content so that it sounds less like marketing ("make data-driven choices" with portfolio-centered reporting dashboards").

Chains of adjectives like "digestible, filterable dashboard" or "inventory-occupying subscriptions" might be problematic for machine translation.

* Tracks data over time for self-governance and analytics that can inform purchasing and renewal decisions, ongoing capacity planning, and mitigation for high-risk scenarios.
* Helps procurement officers make data-driven choices with portfolio-centered reporting dashboards that show both inventory-occupying subscriptions and current subscription limits across the entire organization.
* With its robust reporting capabilities, enables the transition to Simple Content Access (SCA) tooling that features broader, organizational-level subscription enforcement instead of system-level quantity enforcement.

> Simple Content Access (SCA) is a capability in Red Hat’s subscription tools which simplifies the behavior of the entitlement tooling, making it easier to consume the content provided by your Red Hat subscriptions without the complexity of configuring subscription tooling.

Reviewer 2: It's a "capability"? I'm not sure the user will understand what that word means in this context.

"which simplifies". See ISG on word usage for "that/which".

> The subscriptions service, hosted at console.redhat.com provides a means for customers to view their subscription usage and can show usage data from both connected and disconnected environments if configured to do so.

Reviewer: This sentence seems like it would make a good introductory sentence, rather than a final sentence.

Author: I'm going to turn it into the first two bullet points for the benefits of Subscriptions service and I'm renaming it from benefits to _Subscriptions service capabilities_.

> .Configuring your system to use the subscription services

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.Configuring your system to use the Subscriptions service
```
Let's standardize the name of the service.

Connected (Non-{Project}) users::

As a connected, non-{Project} user, no further action needs to be taken to use the subscriptions service. 

> For more information, see https://console.redhat.com/subscriptions/usage/rhel to track your usage. 

Reviewer 2: I my experience, "For more information" precedes links to documentation. This sounds more like "You can log in to the Hybrid Cloud Console to track your subscription usage."  In other words, logging in to the console is going to provide usage info, not more information about the subscriptions service.

Registering a system through the guidance in https://docs.redhat.com/en/documentation/subscription_central/1-latest/html-single/getting_started_with_rhel_system_registration/index[Getting Started with RHEL System Registration] is sufficient to ensure the system is properly counted. 

> If necessary, set https://access.redhat.com/articles/system-purpose[System Purpose] attributes to denote SLA and USAGE to better power filtering.

Reviewer 3: How is this relevant for Foreman/Satellite?

> If necessary, set https://access.redhat.com/articles/system-purpose[System Purpose] attributes to denote SLA and USAGE to better power filtering.

Reviewer: I would upgrade this from "if necessary" to a recommendation. Setting system purpose attributes improves reporting in the Subscriptions service.

> If necessary, set https://access.redhat.com/articles/system-purpose[System Purpose] attributes to denote SLA and USAGE to better power filtering.

Reviewer 2: This 'system purpose' article is very old. Please link to RHEL documentation instead.

Connected {Project} Users::

> Connected {Project} Users should enable the `foreman_rh_cloud` plugin if it hasn’t been enabled already (https://docs.redhat.com/en/documentation/subscription_central/1-latest/html/getting_started_with_the_subscriptions_service/proc-installing-satellite-inventory-upload-plugin_assembly-setting-up-subscriptionwatch-ctxt). The foreman_rh_cloud plugin shares inventory with the Hybrid Cloud Console enabling the usage of the subscriptions service to track usage information.

Reviewer 2: [RHSSG](https://redhat-documentation.github.io/supplementary-style-guide/#contractions) says to avoid contractions unless the context is informal (example: marketing).

Reviewer: This may need an if-ndef for Satellite. foreman_rh_cloud is included with Satellite and enabled by default, so this sentence would only apply to upstream.

The plugin can be configured to omit data that is not pertinent for subscription purposes such as hostnames & IP addresses.

Disconnected users::

Users who are unwilling or unable to use a directly connected experience can export a summary of their product usage locally and import it into tools like their CMDB, spreadsheet, or other systems to track usage without connecting to an external service.

Disconnected (No {Project})::

> As a disconnected user, you can use Red Hat Discovery to query standalone RHEL systems or tools such as {ProjectName} to build a report locally. 

Reviewer: Shouldn't we assume the Satellite user doesn't know what Red Hat Discovery is, and link to something explaining that?

Reviewer: Actually, I thought Red Hat Discovery is for disconnected users _without_ Satellite, and the foreman_rh_cloud reports and Satellite host installed products report is for disconnected Satellite users.

Alternatively, you can leverage any tool, whether provided by Red Hat or another source, to track your subscription usage.

Some users prefer to review usage reports before sending to the Hybrid Cloud Console. 

> Discovery allows users to upload reports in an ad-hoc fashion.

Reviewer 3: How is this relevant for Foreman/Satellite?

Disconnected ({Project})::

{Project} users can export usage data in one of two ways:

** Through the `foreman_rh_cloud` plugin, which generates its report locally and allows you the ability to download it. 
This report is in JSON format and is most suitable for automated scripts or machine ingestion. 

> This report can also be generated through the `foreman-rake` command.

Reviewer: What foreman-rake command? Or, can we at least link to the documentation that tells you how to run that report?

** Through the *Host - Installed Products* report by navigating to *Monitor* > *Reports* > *Report Templates*. 

> This report is in CSV format and is most suitable for importing into a spreadsheet tool of your choosing.

Reviewer: Report templates can be exported in the format of your choosing, including HTML, YAML, or CSV. It's not only CSV.
